# Paper
### In this project I had to create what is essentially code for a calculator. My client in this situation was my friend Jonathan and he asked me to find the amount of money made if 200 copies of a game were sold for $60 a piece. Along with that purchase the game comes with the option to make in-app purchases. All the 200 people that bought the game all made a $5 in-app purchase. Jonathan wanted me to find the amount of money made off all 200 copies of the game. In this case you would need to add the $5 from the in-app purchase to the $60 sold off of one copy. Once you do that, you need to multiply what would be 65 times 200 to get the amount of money made off of one game. Once the code was created, I had Jonathan test it to make sure it did what he wanted. He tested it and approved it since it clearly did what he wanted it to do. In the beginning the idea of making a calculator seemed impossible to me. Then I took to the internet for help and a place to start. Stack Overflow was a big help to me. After reading over a few user docs, I got an idea of where to start and where to finish. I only needed addition and multiplication which helped me when coding because I didn't need to create a full calculator. That would have taken me forever. Once I started coding the first few lines I got in a flow of it and did come up with some errors and tried different ways of making the calculator, but eventually, in the end I used a string to make the equations. Overall this was an interesting experience because I never expected that creating the code for a calculator could be as simple as it is.
